Napoleon mechanic and an inventor who
says he has developed a car that can get
over 100 miles per gallon has for the
first time revealed how the engine works
NBC 24 s Lou a bear gives us the details
up till now napoleon ohio inventor doug
bellemere has never revealed just how he
was able to make this Mustang achieve
his claim of over a hundred miles per
gallon that is until today is variable
displacement that's when you have a v8
engine you can shut off cylinders make
it in my case you can make it anywhere
from eight down to one cylinder and
that's not all this car has under its
hood another secret device there's also
incorporated inside of the engine as a
electric motor that's right an electric
motor even the patent filings say so
thus making Doug's invention a sort of
super hybrid using both an ethanol
fueled engine married to an electric
engine the Doug claims really proved
itself on a recent trip to a las vegas
car show on the way out on that drive we
did average 137 miles to gallon
impressive so impressive the doug has a
deal with Indiana car company revenge to
supply engines for their sleek looking
high-priced and high-performance cars
and also impressed is nearby Northwest
State College in archbold I think it's
pretty cool I think it's a really neat
idea it you know if it's when it takes
off it's going to be pretty big it's
going to be big for this area of the
state one of the reasons why students
here are working on a model of Doug's
engine that's scheduled for a debut at
the big auto shows next year it may be a
long trip from concept to full
production but pel mere believes a
hundred miles per gallon is an attention
getter and so is 400 horsepower enough
to someday leave the doubters in the
dust Lou a beer NBC 24 news better than
about 18 miles a gallon which is what my
piece dryer get the worst